[BugFix] Fix powers of ISWAP and SISWAP (#7361)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* Fixed a bug where `two_qubit_decomposition` provides an incorrect decomposition for some special matrices.
  [(#7340)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7340)

> * Fixes a bug where the `qml.ISWAP` raised to a power of 2 and `qml.SISWAP` raised to a power of 4 incorrectly decompose to nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug where the powers of `qml.ISWAP` and `qml.SISWAP` were computed incorrectly.
```
I feel that actually it's simply the whole thing was completely wrong (except for the trivial cases i.e. 0 and 1 powers or 0.5 power of `ISWAP`) instead of the special points. Usage of `mod` enabled the `pow` method to deal with all the integer values.
